symboys ↵↑↓ from cloud
Without labor nothing prospers. (Sophocles)
The ones who say you can’t are too afraid you will. (Nike)
The world belongs to the energetic. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Do not whine… Do not complain. Work harder. Spend more time alone. (Joan Didion)
Take up one idea, make that one idea your life. Think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, and every part of your body be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. (Swami Vivekananda)
It’s not about money or connections – it’s the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone. (Mark Cuban) 
Hard work betrays none. (Hachiman Hikigaya)
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time. (Coco Chanel)
What comes easy won’t last. What lasts won’t come easy. (Unknown)
Nothing in life that’s worth anything is easy. (Barack Obama)
Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far. >>>Gary Vaynerchuk
Success at anything will always come down to this: Focus and effort, and we control both. >>> Dwayne Johnson (The Rock)
The wiser you get, the less you take yourself seriously, the more work looks like play. >>>Maxime Lagacé
There is no such thing as work-life balance. Everything worth fighting for unbalances your life. >>>Alain de Botton
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen. Conan O’Brien
Your purpose in life is to find your purpose and give your whole heart and soul to it. >>>Buddha
Make each day your masterpiece. >>>John Wooden
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. >>>Walt Disney
What you don’t sweat out when you’re young will turn into tears when you’re old. Japanese proverb
Life without endeavor is like entering a jewel mine and coming out with empty hands. Japanese proverb
Destiny is for losers. It’s just a stupid excuse to wait for things to happen instead of making them happen. Blair Waldorf
Men die of boredom, psychological conflict and disease. They do not die of hard work. David Ogilvy
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. Henry David Thoreau
To achieve what 1% of the world’s population has, you must be willing to do what only 1% dares to do. Manoj Arora
No matter how hard you work, someone else is working harder. Elon Musk 
The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope. Barack Obama
Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Inspiration is the windfall from hard work and focus. Helen Hanson
When you live for a strong purpose, then hard work isn’t an option. It’s a necessity. Steve Pavlina
This is the real secret of life – to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play. Alan Watts
The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses – behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights. Muhammad Ali
A sign of a hard worker is one who works without complaint. Sarah Price
Hard work never killed a man. Scottish proverb 
The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained in sudden flight but, they while their companions slept, they were toiling upwards in the night. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
All good work requires self-revelation. Sidney Lumet
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. Colin Powell Click to tweet
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person’s determination. Tommy Lasorda
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you. Arnold Palmer
I’m a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. Thomas Jefferson Click to tweet
It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up. Babe Ruth
No one ever drowned in sweat. U.S. Marine Corps
One must work and dare if one really wants to live. Vincent van Gogh
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence. Mark Twain
You just have to put in 80 to 100 hour weeks every week. Elon Musk (Tesla)
I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life — and that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan (Basketball superstar)
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking, and don’t settle. Steve Jobs (Apple)
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. Stephen King
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. Theodore Roosevelt
When he worked, he really worked. But when he played, he really played. Dr. Seuss
My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it. Abraham Lincoln
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. Abraham Lincoln
If you’re changing the world, you’re working on important things, you’re excited to get up in the morning. Larry Page (Google)
If you work hard and meet your responsibilities, you can get ahead, no matter where you come from, what you look like or who you love. Barack Obama
I never viewed myself as particularly talented. Where I excel is ridiculous, sickening, work ethic. You know, while the other guy’s sleeping, I’m working. Will Smith
Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
There is no substitute for hard work. Thomas Edison Click to tweet
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. Thomas Edison
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. Thomas Edison
Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration. Seeming to do is not doing. Thomas Edison
 It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up. Vince Lombardi
At dawn, when you have trouble getting out of bed, tell yourself: “I have to go to work — as a human being. What do I have to complain of, if I’m going to do what I was born for — the things I was brought into the world to do? Or is this what I was created for? To huddle under the blankets and stay warm? Marcus Aurelius
I think the thing about that was I was always willing to work; I was not the fastest or biggest player but I was determined to be the best football player I could be on the football field and I think I was able to accomplish that through hard work. Jerry Rice (Football superstar)
There’s no talent here, this is hard work. This is an obsession. Conor McGregor (MMA Champion)
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goals: my strength lies solely in my tenacity. Louis Pasteur
If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for. Matthew 21:22, The Bible
It’s hard work making movies. It’s like being a doctor: you work long hours, very hard hours, and it’s emotional, tense work. If you don’t really love it, then it ain’t worth it. George Lucas (Star Wars)
If people knew how hard I worked to achieve my mastery, it wouldn’t seem so wonderful after all. Michelangelo
I’m a designer, and I work very hard at that. People sometimes want to put down fashion by saying it’s frivolous or superficial, but it’s not that way at all. It’s actually very hard work. Donatella Versace
To succeed, work hard, never give up and above all, cherish a magnificent obsession. Walt Disney
Never slow down for the world, one day it will catch-up with you. Nike Click to tweet
Earned. Not given. Nike
Be legendary. Nike
Go hard or go home. Nike
Start unknown. Finish unforgettable. Nike
The only one who can tell you ‘you can’t’ is you. And you don’t have to listen. Nike
Failure’s not an option. It’s a step. Nike
Every professional was once an amateur. Nike
Write the future. Nike
If no one thinks you can then you have to. Nike
Victory is paid for in sweat, courage and preparation. Nike
The harder you push, the more you are pulled. Nike
Giving up is simply not an option. Nike Click to tweet
Success isn’t given, it is earned. On the track, on the field, in the gym. With blood, sweat, and the occasional tear. Nike
Think training is hard? Try losing. Nike
 It’s only a crazy dream until you do it. Serena Williams
You don’t get it by wishing. Nike
If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you. Make it burn. Nike
Work hard. Dream big. Nike
Dedicate yourself. Nike
Believe in something. Even if it means sacrificing everything. Colin Kaepernick
Just do it. Nike Click to tweet
No struggle, no progress, no success. Maxime Lagacé
Wake up determined. Go to bed satisfied. Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) Click to tweet
Go and get your things. Dreams mean work. Paulo Coelho
God sells us all things at the price of labor. Leonardo da Vinci
Work without love is slavery. Mother Teresa
Work harder than you think you did yesterday. Alex Elle
Hard work does pay off. Michael Phelps
Hard work teaches us that it takes more than hard work. Jack Butcher
Nothing can beat hard work. Conor McGregor
Work hard in silence; let success make the noise. Frank Ocean Click to tweet
Light tomorrow with today. Elizabeth Barrett Browning
I sweat in tears to get what I want. Lailah Akita
Sore today, strong tomorrow. Unknown
 Work incessantly, but be not attached to it. Swami Vivekananda
Be thankful for what you have. Work hard for what you don’t have. Unknown
It hurts now but one day it will be your warm up. Unknown
Look in the mirror – that’s your competition. Unknown
Luck is great, but most of life is hard work. Iain Duncan Smith
If you can’t outplay them, outwork them. Ben Hogan
Start with a cry, end with a smile. Michael Bassey Johnson
I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works. Oscar Wilde
The first one gets the oyster the second gets the shell. Andrew Carnegie
The question isn’t who is going to let me, it’s who is going to stop me. Ayn Rand Click to tweet
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
The cynics may be the loudest voices – but I promise you, they will accomplish the least. Barack Obama
Amateurs have hard work and speed. Professionals have hard work, speed and direction. Maxime Lagacé
Hard work compounds like interest, and the earlier you do it, the more time you have for the benefits to pay off. Sam Altman
A good idea is about ten percent and implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent. Guy Kawasaki
Study while others are sleeping; work while others are loafing; prepare while others are playing; and dream while others are wishing. William A. Ward
In order to master a field, you must love the subject and feel a profound connection to it. Your interest must transcend the field itself and border on the religious. Robert Greene
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It’s the best part of the day. George Allen Sr
When you find the right thing to do, and people to work with, invest deeply into that, and stick with it for decades. Naval Ravikant
Shovel today’s challenges for your tomorrow’s freedom. Aniekee Ezekiel
It does not matter where you are standing right now. Sanchita Pandey
Inspiration usually comes during work rather than before it. Madeleine L’Engle Click to tweet
I don’t like work – no man does – but I like what is in the work – the chance to find yourself. Your own reality – for yourself not for others – what no other man can ever know. They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means. Joseph Conrad
Winners embrace hard work. They love the discipline of it, the trade-off they’re making to win. Losers, on the other hand, see it as punishment. And that’s the difference. Lou Holtz
You can’t get there by bus, only by hard work and risk and by not quite knowing what you’re doing. What you’ll discover will be wonderful. What you’ll discover will be yourself. Alan Alda
 Have a healthy disregard for the impossible and actually build new solutions. Larry Page
Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work. Peter F. Drucker
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win. Roger Bannister (Ran the first sub-4-minute mile)
You may not be there yet, but you’re closer than you were yesterday. Unknown
When you feel like stopping think about why you started. Unknown
Baby steps are better than no steps at all. Keep going. You’ll get there. Unknown (See also: Monday motivation quotes)
My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors. But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed. Mark Warner
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near. Margaret Thatcher
To be successful you have to be selfish, or else you never achieve. And once you get to your highest level, then you have to be unselfish. Stay reachable. Stay in touch. Don’t isolate. Michael Jordan
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you. Henri-Frederic Amiel
Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work. I live by that. You grind hard so you can play hard. At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it’ll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off. Kevin Hart
Be prepared, work hard, and hope for a little luck. Recognize that the harder you work and the better prepared you are, the more luck you might have. Ed Bradley
Doing anything big and bold in life is hard work, and learning to persist (try, fail, learn, try again, etc.) is fundamental to any entrepreneur’s success. Peter Diamandis
It seems like the world is crumbling out there, but it is actually a really great time in your life to get a little crazy, follow your curiosity and be ambitious about it. Larry Page
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you’ll be able to see further. Thomas Carlyle
It doesn’t matter how great your shoes are if you don’t accomplish anything in them. Martina Boone Click to tweet
The problem with doing nothing is not knowing when you’re finished. Benjamin Franklin
Let us work without reasoning, it is the only way to make life endurable. Voltaire
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. J.M. Barrie
I have yet to hear a man ask for advice on how to combine marriage and a career. Gloria Steinem
You’re probably on the right track if you feel like a sidewalk worm during a rainstorm. Larry Page
 I would rather risk wearing out than rusting out. Theodore Roosevelt
Be like a duck, paddling and working hard in the water, but what everyone sees is a smiling, calm face. Manoj Arora
Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. We all could. Charles J. Sykes Click to tweet
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early. Charles Lamb
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work. Robert Frost
The difference between try and triumph is just a little umph! Marvin Phillips
Success is dependent upon the glands – sweat glands. Zig Ziglar
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity. Seneca Click to tweet
The caterpillar does all the work, but the butterfly gets all the publicity. George Carlin
Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work. Gustave Flaubert
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. Michael Jordan
My life will be the best illustration of all my work. Hans Christian Andersen
Part 1. The really efficient laborer will be found not to crowd his day with work, but will saunter to his task surrounded by a wide halo of ease and leisure. Henry David Thoreau
Part 2. There will be a wide margin for relaxation to his day. He is only earnest to secure the kernels of time, and does not exaggerate the value of the husk. Henry David Thoreau
Part 3. Why should the hen set all day? She can lay but one egg, and besides she will not have picked up materials for a new one. Those who work much do not work hard. Henry David Thoreau
Only in recent history has “working hard” signaled pride rather than shame. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Before you start any work, ask yourself: is this the most important and most impactful task I could be doing right now. Maxime Lagacé
 Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly. Plutarch
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday. Unknown
Don’t blame others as an excuse for your not working hard enough. Unknown
The humblest tasks get beautified if loving hands do them. Louisa May Alcott
Character is the indelible mark that determines the only true value of all people and all their work. Orison Swett Marden
A man’s work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened. Albert Camus
The human race is a monotonous affair. Most people spend the greatest part of their time working in order to live, and what little freedom remains so fills them with fear that they seek out any and every means to be rid of it. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When they’re really possessed by what they do, they’d rather stop eating and sleeping than give up practicing their arts. Marcus Aurelius
Never expose the sweat and labor behind your poise. Robert Greene (The 48 Laws Of Power)
The sweat of hard work is not to be displayed. It is much more graceful to appear favored by the gods. Maxine Hong Kingston
Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy. Robert Half
Work isn’t meaningful just because you spend your life doing it. Anthony Marra
If hard work was so wonderful, the rich would keep it all for themselves. Yiddish saying
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work. Émile Zola
Hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard. Kevin Durant Click to tweet
The obstacle is the way. Ryan Holiday
The more I want to get something done the less I call it work. Richard Bach
I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying. Michael Jordan
Work as hard as you can. Even though who you work with and what you work on are more important than how hard you work. Naval Ravikant
The better your feedback loop, the better your work. Businesses have the market. Novels have the readers. Science has experiments. It’s when the feedback loop is a small group of bosses or peers that quality falls apart. Naval Ravikant
Hard work is an essential element in tracking down and perfecting a strategy or in executing it. Charlie Munger
So often people are working hard at the wrong thing. Working on the right thing is probably more important than working hard. Caterina Fake
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you. Leo Tolstoy
Amateurs are busy and tense. Professionals are calm and focused. Maxime Lagacé
The problems you work on and who you work with are as important as how hard you work. Shane Parrish
There’s no way around doing the work it takes to get you there. Joyce Chapman
 Sometimes there’s not a better way. Sometimes there’s only the hard way. Mary E. Pearson
A man is not idle because he is absorbed in thought. There is visible labor and there is invisible labor. Victor Hugo
Part 1. He does nothing with haste and drudgery, but as if he loved it. He makes the most of his labor, and takes infinite satisfaction in every part of it. Henry David Thoreau
Part 2. He is not looking forward to the sale of his crops or any pecuniary profit, but he is paid by the constant satisfaction which his labor yields him. Henry David Thoreau
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven’t planted. David Bly
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking. >>>Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. >>>Will Rogers
People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get. >>>Frederick Douglass
Work and you’ll get what you need; work harder and you’ll get what you want. >>>Prabakaran Thirumalai
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don’t try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present. >>>Lao Tzu
Never let your work drive you. Master it and keep it in complete control. >>>Booker T. Washington
Don’t make excuses for why you can’t get it done. Focus on all the reasons why you must make it happen. >>>Unknown
Blood, sweat and respect. The first two you give, the last one you get. >>>Unknown
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. >>>Newt Gingrich
Part 1. So you were born to feel “nice”? Instead of doing things and experiencing them? >>>Marcus Aurelius
Part 2. Don’t you see the plants, the birds, the ants and spiders and bees going about their individual tasks, putting the world in order, as best they can? >>>Marcus Aurelius
Part 3. And you’re not willing to do your job as a human being? Why aren’t you running to do what your nature demands? >>>Marcus Aurelius
If you accomplish something good with hard work, the labor passes quickly, but the good endures; if you do something shameful in pursuit of pleasure, the pleasure passes quickly, but the shame endures. >>>Gaius Musonius Rufus
I woult rather die of passion than of boredom. >>>Émile Zola
What we fear of doing most is usually what we most need to do. >>>Ralph Waldo Emerson
A year from now you may wish you had started today. >>>Karen Lamb
“There are people who try to look as if they are doing a good and thorough job, and then there are the people who actually damn well do it, for its own sake.”– John D. MacDonald
“A man is worked upon by what he works on. He may carve out his circumstances, but his circumstances will carve him out as well.”– Frederick Douglass
“No one understands and appreciates the American Dream of hard work leading to material rewards better than a non-American.”– Anthony Bourdain
“All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.” – Calvin Coolidge
“Those at the top of the mountain didn't fall there.” – Unknown
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense. — Thomas Edison
“Don’t give up. The beginning is always the hardest. Life rewards those who work hard at it.” – Unknown
“Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.” – Franklin D. Roosevelt
If a man is called a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painter\d, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that the hosts of heaven and Earth will pause and say, Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well.
“You wasted $150,000 on an education you could have got for a buck fifty in late charges at the public library.” – Matt Damon (Good Will Hunting)
“I’m a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.”– Thomas Jefferson
“Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don’t turn up at all.” – Sam Ewing
“Quality is much better than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles.” – Steve Jobs
“Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.”– Newt Gingrich
Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come.– Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson
“Without labor, nothing prospers.”– Sophocles
“It's not about money or connections – it's the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone.”– Mark Cuban
“Make each day your masterpiece.”– John Wooden
“Life without endeavor is like entering a jewel mine and coming out with empty hands.”– Japanese Proverb
“This is the real secret of life – to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.”– Alan Watts
“All good work requires self-revelation.”– Sidney Lumet
'Without ambition, one starts nothing. Without work, one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.'– Ralph Waldo Emerson
That is when these inspirational quotes about hard work from achievers, doers, athletes, stars, entrepreneurs, authors, and our heroes mean the most. The authors of these quotes have been there and done it. They have achieved success in their lives from the hard work they have put in.
Now they are just about sharing their thoughts and quotes with others trying to instill the principles they learned with time and dedication onto a new generation.  For more on the challenges that many people have faced, learn about some famous people who found success after failing and then focus on building a few of these 203 good habits into your life.
Want to build a success-focused morning routine? Well, watch this video to learn about the 12 morning routine habits of the world's most successful people.
I don’t know about you; I am a sucker for sayings that emphasizing a great work ethic. The truth is you can overcome almost any challenge by putting your nose to the grindstone and putting in a lot of effort. There's something so powerful about being able to do whatever it takes to get the success you desire.
Let’s face it… Reality doesn’t always work out as cleanly as some of these quotes. Sometimes it isn't about how smart you are, it's about how hard you work. For example, people doing these bad productivity habits may be doing something, but they aren’t getting the things they need accomplished.
If you want to get a better idea on what you could be doing to get the success you desire to check out what 43 experts have to say when it comes to the #1 success habit.
 “I work very hard, and I play very hard. I'm grateful for life. And I live it – I believe life loves the lover of it. I live it.”– Maya Angelou
“A dream does not become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination, and hard work.”– Colin Powell
“Leadership is more than just being able to cross the t's and dot the i's. It's about character and integrity and work ethic.”– Steve Largent
“The difference between try and triumph is just a little umph!”– Marvin Phillips
“Developing a good work ethic is key. Apply yourself at whatever you do, whether you're a janitor or taking your first summer job because that work ethic will be reflected in everything you do in life.”– Tyler Perry
“Who you are tomorrow begins with what you do today.”– Tim Fargo
“Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.” – Sam Ewing
“Dreams don’t work unless you do.”– John C. Maxwell
“The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn't prepared to work for.”– Habeeb Akande
“Success is dependent upon the glands – sweat glands.”– Zig Ziglar
“I would rather risk wearing out than rusting out.”– Theodore Roosevelt
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.”– Abraham Lincoln
“If you work hard enough and assert yourself and use your mind and imagination, you can shape the world to your desires.”– Malcolm Gladwell
“The best way to learn is by doing. The only way to build a strong work ethic is getting your hands dirty.”– Alex Spanos
“When you play, play hard; when you work, don't play at all.”– Theodore Roosevelt
Nobody ever drowned in his own sweat.– Ann Landers
“I'm a firm believer in if you work hard, you should play hard. So, I try to keep my life as balanced as possible to keep my sanity.”– Alicia Sacramone
“Enjoy life, study hard, play hard, be kind to other people, set high standards, and don't be afraid to say ‘No.‘”– Nia Long
“Every time you stay out late; every time you sleep in; every time you miss a workout; every time you don’t give 100% – You make it that much easier for me to beat you.”– Unknown
“A good work ethic is not so much a concern for hard work but rather one for responsibility. There have been a great many men and women who have, in fact, used work or hustle or selfish ambition as an escape from real responsibility, an escape from purpose. In matters such as these, the hard work is just as dysfunctional as the sloth.”– Criss Jami
“Choices and decisions must be supported by your passion, resolve, and a productive work ethic. If these meet opportunity – your success has finally come.”– Archibald Marwizi
“Face your problems head-on. Do what you have to do to take care of it. Develop a good work ethic.”– George Chuvalo
“Every beautiful mind has great dreams, but rarely is anyone ever ready to work hard for their dreams.”– Terry Mark
Sports are such a clear indicator of the extra hard effort that can be put into work (whatever work it is) to get those supreme results.
This article on goal setting showcases many Olympic athletes and the extreme hard work they put in to be in the top .001% of their professions in the world, and how they go about making plans to get there. They've learned to accept and embrace the suck that comes along with achieving their goals.
Want to achieve more success? Then check out 50+ of our favorite success quotes.
I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.– Michael Jordan
“It's not whether you get knocked down; it's whether you get up.”– Vince Lombardi
“Never give up! Failure and rejection are only the first steps to succeeding.”– Jim Valvano
“Most people give up when they are about to achieve success. They quit on the one-yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from the winning touchdown.”– Ross Perot
“It ain’t about how hard ya hit. It’s about how hard you can get it and keep moving forward. How much you can take and keep moving forward. That’s how winning is done!” – Rocky Balboa
There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do.
“If you train hard, you’ll not only be hard; you’ll be hard to beat.”– Hershel Walker
“You’re never a loser until you quit trying.”– Mike Ditka
“Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.”– Ted Williams
“It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up.”– Vince Lombardi
“Never give up, never give in, and when the upper hand is ours, may we have the ability to handle the win with the dignity that we absorbed the loss.”– Doug Williams
“If you can’t outplay them, outwork them.”– Ben Hogan
“Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.”– Bo Jackson
“Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement.”– Matt Biondi
“You are never really playing an opponent. You are playing yourself, your own highest standards, and when you reach your limits, that is a real joy.”- Arthur Ashe
“Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.”– George Halas
“To uncover your true potential, you must first find your own limits, and then you have to have the courage to blow past them.”– Picabo Street
To uncover your true potential you must first find your own limits and then you have to have the courage to blow past them.” – Picabo Street
“In baseball and in business, there are three types of people. Those who make it happen, those who watch it happen, and those who wonder what happened.”– Tommy Lasorda
“The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent.”– Arnold Schwarzenegger
“I never left the field saying I could have done more to get ready, and that gives me peace of mind.”– Peyton Manning
Want to find that perfect quote for your job?  Then here are 22 of our favorite says about putting in that extra effort at your place of employment.
You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.— Jack London
“Whether you think you can, or you think you can’t – you’re right.”– Henry Ford
“There is simply no substitute for hard work when it comes to achieving success.”– Heather Bresch
“Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice, and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.”– Pele
“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.”— Paulo Coelho
“The road to success is not easy to navigate, but with hard work, drive, and passion, it's possible to achieve the American dream.”— Tommy Hilfiger
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. – Thomas Edison
“Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.”– Mark Twain
“Life is like art. You have to work hard to keep it simple and still have meaning.”— Charles de Lint
“You will never plow a field if you only turn it over in your mind.”— Irish Proverb
“We can each define ambition and progress for ourselves. The goal is to work toward a world where expectations are not set by the stereotypes that hold us back, but by our personal passion, talents, and interests.”– Sheryl Sandberg
Stay positive and happy. Work hard and don't give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm, and genuine people.– Tena Desae
“The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible.”— Charles Kingsleigh
“Do or do not. There is no try.”— Yoda, The Empire Strikes Back
“Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.”— Seneca
“Someday is not a day of the week.”– Janet Daily
“Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.”— Colin Powell
If you go to work on your goals, your goals will go to work on you. If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you. Whatever good things we build end up building us.— Jim Rohn
“I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.”— Stephen Covey
“Don't work for recognition but do work worthy of recognition.”– H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
“I would visualize things coming to me. It would just make me feel better. Visualization works if you work hard. That’s the thing. You can’t just visualize and go eat a sandwich.”— Jim Carrey
“Whatever your life's work is, do it well. A man should do his job so well that the living, the dead, and the unborn could do it no better.”– Martin Luther King, Jr.
Sometimes finding the balance between our hard work life and our family life can be a difficult thing to manage. The following five quotes are here to remind you that while hard work is important – so is living your life.
“Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life.”– Dolly Parton
“Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.”– John D. Rockefeller
“Work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back. The other four balls – family, health, friends, and integrity – are made of glass. If you drop one of these, it will be irrevocably scuffed, nicked, perhaps even shattered.”– Gary Keller
“We think, mistakenly, that success is the result of the amount of time we put in at work, instead of the quality of time we put in.”– Arianna Huffington
“The key is in not spending time, but in investing it.”– Stephen R. Covey
“The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot.”– Michael Altshuler
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.– Winston S. Churchill
“The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.”– Colin R. Davis
“Opportunities don't happen. You create them.”– Chris Grosser
“I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.”– Thomas Jefferson
“There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.”– Ray Goforth
Like this list of hard work quotes? You might enjoy some productivity quotes to inspire you to get more done with your time?
Hopefully, these words from famous people have done their job to give you the motivation to accomplish some amazing things in both your personal and professional life.
Inspirational quotes for work like the ones above are a good way to start your day on the right foot and motivate you to succeed. Whether you are an entrepreneur, athlete, or simply someone face tough times at work, these quotes to inspire that lift you up and give you the helping hand you need to get through a tough week and persevere.
And if you feel like you're failing to take action on your ideas, then I recommend checking out this detailed article on 14 different methods for overcoming procrastination in your life.
If I had nine hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend the first six sharpening my axe. —Abraham Lincoln
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. —Stephen Hawking
Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure. —Stanley McChrystal
Do or do not. There is no try. —Yoda, The Empire Strikes Back
If something is wrong, fix it now. But train yourself not to worry, worry fixes nothing. — Ernest Hemingway
Innovation distinguishes from a leader and a follower. —Steve Jobs
The best way out is always through. —Robert Frost
Very often, a change of self is needed more than a change of scene. —A.C. Benson
Follow your passion, stay true to yourself, never follow someone else’s path unless you’re in the woods and you’re lost and you see a path then by all means you should follow that. —Ellen Degeneres
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity. —Seneca
Whether you think you can, or you think you can’t – you’re right. —Henry Ford
Becoming is better than being. —Carol Dweck, Mindset
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I’ll go to it laughing. —Herman Melville, Moby Dick
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing. —Herman Melville, Moby 
The sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day gets on. —Charles Dickens, The Old Curiosity Shop
 How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. —Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl  
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it. —Rafiki, The Lion King
If I had nine hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend the first six sharpening my axe. —Abraham Lincoln
If I had nine hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend the first six sharpening my axe. 
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven. —John Milton, Paradise Lost
 Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. —Stephen Hawking
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. 
Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure. —Stanley McChrystal
Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me. —Michael Scott, 
The question isn’t who’s going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me? —Ayn Rand
Kid, there are heroes and there are legends. Heroes get remembered, but legends never die. Follow your heart, kid, and you’ll never go wrong. —Babe Ruth,
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. —Michael Jordan
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships
There will be little rubs and disappointments everywhere, and we are all apt to expect too much; but then, if one scheme of happiness fails, human nature turns to another; if the first calculation is wrong, we make a second better: we find comfort somewhere. —Jane Austen, Mansfield Park
Fight till the last gasp. —William Shakespeare, Henry VI
Do or do not. There is no try. —Yoda, The Empire Strikes Back
Do or do not. There is no try
Be men, or be more than men. Be steady to your purposes and firm as a rock. This ice is not made of such stuff as your hearts may be; it is mutable and cannot withstand you if you say that it shall not. —Mary Shelley, Frankenstein
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. —Judy Garland
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible. —Charles Kingsleigh, Alice in Wonderland (2010)
Man is only truly great when he acts from the passions; never irresistible but when he appeals to the imagination. —Benjamin Disraeli, Coningsby
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too. —Paulo Coelho, 
Hey there, Mr. Grumpy Gills. When life gets you down do you wanna know what you’ve gotta do?  Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming. What do we do? We swim, swim. —Dory, Finding Nemo
We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained. —Marie Curie
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. —Salvador Dali
If something is wrong, fix it now. But train yourself not to worry, worry fixes nothing. — Ernest Hemingway
If something is wrong, fix it now. But train yourself not to worry, worry fixes nothing. 
Life’s like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending. —Jim Hensen
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. —Robert Louis Stevenson
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who’ll decide where to go… —Dr. Suess,
Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly. —Neil Gaiman, The Sandman
For artists, scientists, inventors, schoolchildren, and the rest of us, intrinsic motivation—the drive to do something because it is interesting, challenging, and absorbing—is essential for high levels of creativity. —Daniel H. Pink, Drive
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. — Thomas Jefferson
Do what you do so well that they will want to see it again and again and bring their friend. — Walt Disney
So many things are possible just as long as you don’t know they’re impossible. —Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth
Everything should be made as simple as possible but not simpler. —Albert Einstein
Innovation distinguishes from a leader and a follower. —Steve Jobs
Innovation distinguishes from a leader and a follower
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease forever to be able to do it. —J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. —George Addai
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear
I can’t go back to yesterday because I was a different person then. —Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland
The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it’s yours. —Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged
There is only one way to avoid criticism. Do nothing. Be nothing. Say nothing. —Aristotle
There is only one way to avoid criticism. Do nothing. Be nothing. Say nothing
It is not the spoon that bends, it is only yourself. —Spoon Boy, The Matrix
Quality is job one. —Henry Ford
Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE. —Joss Whedon
The best way out is always through. —Robert Frost
The best way out is always through
It isn’t the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it’s the pebble in your shoe. — Muhammad Ali
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. —John Quincy Adams
Speak softly and carry a big stick. —Theodore Roosevelt
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. ―Mark Twain
It’s life. You don’t figure it out. You just climb up on the beast and ride. ―Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
There’s zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas. —Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can’t Stop Talking
Unless someone like you care a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better, it’s not. —Dr. Suess, the Lorax
A proud heart can survive general failure because such a failure does not prick its pride. It is more difficult and more bitter when a man fails alone. —Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart
You will never plough a field if you only turn it over in your mind. —Irish Proverb
You will never plough a field if you only turn it over in your mind
Ignorance and fear are but matters of the mind—and the mind is adaptable. —Daniel Kish
Those who don’t believe in magic will never find it. —Roald Dahl
Someone, at some point, came up with this very bad idea that an ordinary individual couldn’t make a difference in the world. I think that’s just a horrible thing. —John Skoll
Imitation is suicide. —Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you hire people just because they can do a job, they’ll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they’ll work for you with blood and sweat and tears. —Simon Sinek
Real courage is when you know you’re licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what. —Harper Lee
Genius is born—not paid. —Oscar Wilde
Very often, a change of self is needed more than a change of scene. —A.C. Benson
Very often, a change of self is needed more than a change of scene
The Answer to the Great Question… Of Life, the Universe and Everything… Is… Forty-two. —Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker’s Guide
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. —Thomas Edison
I’ve learned about the poetry and the wisdom and the grace that can be found in the words of people all around us when we simply take the time to listen. —Dave Isay
It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure. —Joseph Campbell
Follow your passion, stay true to yourself, never follow someone else’s path unless you’re in the woods and you’re lost and you see a path then by all means you should follow that. —Ellen Degeneres
It’s easy to solve a problem that everyone sees, but it’s hard to solve a problem that almost no one sees. —Tony Fadell
Learning never exhausts the mind. —Leonardo Da Vinci
If you’re alive, you’re a creative person. —Elizabeth Gilbert
If you’re alive, you’re a creative person
My mother said to me, “If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.” Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso. —Pablo Picasso
The power of imagination makes us infinite. —John Muir
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity. —Seneca
Never ruin an apology with an excuse. —Benjamin Franklin
Never ruin an apology with an excuseCLICK TO TWEET
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. —Dwight D. Eisenhower
There are no two words in the English language more harmful than “good job.” —Terence Fletcher, Whiplash
Don’t persuade, defend or interrupt. Be curious, be conversational, be real. And listen. — Elizabeth Lesser
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, not to worry about the future, or not to anticipate troubles, but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly. —Buddha
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. —Truman Capote
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor
An innovator is one who does not know it cannot be done. —R.A. Mashelkar
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put foundations under them. —Henry David Thoreau
As long as they are well-intentioned, mistakes are not a matter for shame, but for learning. —Margaret Heffernan
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. —Stephen Covey
You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. —Jack London
You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a clubCLICK TO TWEET
“I’m bored” is a useless thing to say. I mean, you live in a great, big, vast world that you’ve seen none percent of. Even the inside of your own mind is endless; it goes on forever, inwardly, do you understand? The fact that you’re alive is amazing, so you don’t get to say “I’m bored.” —Louis C.K
If we can challenge convention, we can solve any problem. —Josh Valman
If we can challenge convention, we can solve any problem.
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. —Ralph Waldo Emerson
In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. You find the fun, and – SNAP – the job’s a game! —Mary Poppins
If you hit the target every time, it’s too near or too big. —Tom Hirshfield
If you hit the target every time, it’s too near or too big
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. —Margaret Mead
You can’t change how people treat you or what they say about you. All you can do is change how you react to it. —Mahatma Gandhi
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. —Plato
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t live long enough to make them all yourselves. —Chanakya
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can't live long enough to make them all yourselves
What I love most about rivers is, you can’t step in the same river twice. —Pocahontas, Disney’s Pocahontas
Strength shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over. —F. Scott Fitzgerald
It’s time to try defying gravity. —Elphaba, Wicked
I have been bent and broken, but – I hope – into a better shape. ―Charles Dickens, Great Expectations
I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape
Goonies never say die! —Mickey, The Goonies
If you light a lamp for someone else, it will also brighten your path. —Buddha
If you light a lamp for someone else, it will also brighten your path
Tough times never last, but tough people do. —Dr. Robert Schuller
I would visualize things coming to me. It would just make me feel better. Visualization works if you work hard. That’s the thing. You can’t just visualize and go eat a sandwich. —Jim Carrey
Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you.
Why are you keeping this curiosity door locked? ― Dustin, Stranger Things
When they give you lined paper, write the other way. ― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451
When they give you lined paper, write the other way.
How many times do I have to teach you: just because something works doesn’t mean it can’t be improved. — Shuri, Black Panther
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.— Conan O’Brien
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to. — Kahlil Gibran
You be greater than your feelings. I don’t demand this of you—life does. Otherwise, you’ll be washed away by feelings. You’ll be washed out to sea and never seen again. — Phillip Roth, Indignation
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value. —Hermann Hesse, Siddartha
A man of genius makes no mistakes; his errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery. — James Joyce
A man of genius makes no mistakes; his errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.CLICK TO TWEET
Nolite te bastardes carborundorum. Don’t let the bastards grind you down.” ― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid’s Tale
Do you think miners stand around all day talking about how hard it is to mine for coal? They do not. They simply dig. ― Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Fulfillment isn’t found over the rainbow—it’s found in the here and now. Today I define success by the fluidity with which I transcend emotional landmines and choose joy and gratitude instead. — RuPaul
Fulfillment isn’t found over the rainbow—it’s found in the here and now. Today I define success by the fluidity with which I transcend emotional landmines and choose joy and gratitude instead.CLICK TO TWEET
Thirty years ago my older brother, who was ten years old at the time, was trying to get a report written on birds that he’d had three months to write, which was due the next day. We were out at our family cabin in Bolinas, and he was at the kitchen table close to tears, surrounded by binder paper and pencils and unopened books about birds, immobilized by the hugeness of the task ahead. Then my father sat down beside him put his arm around my brother’s shoulder, and said, “Bird by bird, buddy. Just take it bird by bird.  ― Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life
Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor, the enemy of the people. It will keep you cramped and insane your whole life, and it is the main obstacle between you and a shitty first draft. I think perfectionism is based on the obsessive belief that if you run carefully enough, hitting each stepping-stone just right, you won’t have to die. The truth is that you will die anyway and that a lot of people who aren’t even looking at their feet are going to do a whole lot better than you, and have a lot more fun while they’re doing it.  ― Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more. — Nikola Tesla
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known. — Carl Sagan
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. — Charles Darwin
At the last dim horizon, we search among ghostly errors of observations for landmarks that are scarcely more substantial. The search will continue. The urge is older than history. It is not satisfied and it will not be oppressed. — Edwin Hubble
Only if we understand, can we care. Only if we care, we will help. Only if we help, we shall be saved. ― Jane Goodall
Only if we understand, can we care. Only if we care, we will help. Only if we help, we shall be saved.
Don’t be afraid of hard work. Nothing worthwhile comes easily. Don’t let others discourage you or tell you that you can’t do it. In my day I was told women didn’t go into chemistry. I saw no reason why we couldn’t. — Gertrude B. Elion, Biochemist and Nobel Prize Winner
If you know you are on the right track, if you have this inner knowledge, then nobody can turn you off… no matter what they say.  —  Barbara McClintock, cytogeneticist and Nobel Prize Winner
Whether a person shows themselves to be a genius in science or in writing a song, the only point is, whether the thought, the discovery or the deed, is living and can live on. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Whether a person shows themselves to be a genius in science or in writing a song, the only point is, whether the thought, the discovery or the deed, is living and can live on.
For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You’d be surprised how far that gets you. ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
When you constrain freedom, freedom will take flight and land on a windowsill. ― Ai Weiwei
If I create from the heart, nearly everything works: if from the head, almost nothing.  —  Marc Chagall
Look at life with the eyes of a child.  —  Henri Matisse
Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. If people all over the world…would do this, it would change the earth. ― William Faulkner
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. —  Robin Williams
Do you want to know who you are? Don’t ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. — Thomas Jefferson
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. — Confuciusm, Confucius: The Analect
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist. — Pablo Picasso
Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence. — Eleanor Roosevelt, The Autobiography of Eleanor Roosevelt
Be so good they can’t ignore you. — Steve Martin
Hire character. Train skill. — Peter Schutz
The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. They are frank in admitting this and are willing to pay for such talents. — Antos Parrish
I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done. —  Lucille Ball
We can’t take any credit for our talents. It’s how we use them that counts. — Madeleine L’Engle, A Wrinkle in Time
A little imagination combined with massive action goes a long way. – Grant Cardone
A company doesn’t exist to serve its own people; a company exists to serve the needs of the people who use its products or services. ― Richard Sheridan, Joy, Inc.: How We Built a Workplace People Love
Your potential, the absolute best you’re capable of—that’s the metric to measure yourself against. Your standards are. Winning is not enough. People can get lucky and win. People can be assholes and win. Anyone can win. But not everyone is the best possible version of themselves. ― Ryan Holiday, The Ego Is the Enemy
Failure it appears is not the regret that haunts most people; it is the choice not to risk failure at all. ― Dr. John Izzo
